>>>>[BACKGROUND MUSIC] And
I think many people today
don't know what to
believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>I felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY: And
welcome to this edition
of "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Noory.
He is a film producer.
He is an author.
But he's also a
prophetic investigator.
Ken Klein is with us.
Ken, what is a
prophetic investigator?
>>KEN KLEIN: [LAUGHING] Wow.
That's a good question.
Well, you know, I'm
interested in the prophecies
of the Old Testament
and many of the things
that come out of the
Book of Revelation.
And for most of
my last 40 years,
I've been
investigating prophecy.
It's an interest.
It's my genetics.
I'm from a Jewish background.
And so I got interested in
the prophets 40, 45 years ago.
And I've been on that
quest for some time
now and looking into things
and searching history
and investigating whether the
things we're being taught today
are true or not.
And I guess that's how
I would characterize
what a prophetic
investigator is.
>>NOORY: Have you found
that prophecy is accurate
as we look ahead
toward the future?
>>KLEIN: I think there are some
things to it that are accurate,
but a lot of it is inaccurate.
You know, Jesus said
many false prophets
will come in my name
saying these are the times.
So I'm kind of cynical and
skeptical about modern prophets
and prophecy.
Because I think a lot of it is
just tradition, myth, dogma.
And so I've been
looking into a lot
of these things over
the last 40, 45 years
to see if they're true or not.
>>NOORY: Ken, what is prophecy?
What does it mean?
>>KLEIN: Well, in
many ways, it's
a prediction of the future.
I think that's what most
people think about prophecy.
But a lot of it's just
forthtelling, you know,
what's going on.
And prophecy is a difficult
field because most of it
is not grounded properly.
And that's what I've
found out as I've
studied the prophecies and the
prophets and modern prophets,
is that they don't
do a good enough job
in going back in time.
John the Revelator, for example,
brought forth revelations.
But he had a terrific 360 view
of the future and the past.
He wasn't somebody that
just looked forward.
And a lot of the
Book of Revelation,
which most prophecy
teachers come from,
don't do enough work in seeing
how the past is explained
in apocalyptic literature.
And I think unless you're
grounded in history,
you can go off in
the trees and come up
with all kinds of theories.
And so a lot of my research
is based upon history.
>>NOORY: Ken, a lot of
civilizations in the past
have always thought that
they were in end times,
that this was it.
And it never happened.
And we went on to
another civilization
and another one and another one.
A lot of people today
say we are in end times.
I'll get your views
on that in a moment.
Where does that stand?
>>KLEIN: Well, I think
a lot of the way we
talk about end times
is not-- is because we
don't understand time.
There's different time
elements in existence.
For example, God
dwells in eternity,
in the heaven above the heavens.
The heavens are the universe
where all the galaxies are.
There's a different time there.
It's a different time than we
conceptualize time on Earth.
We see time in a
linear capacity.
So when we talk about end times,
what are we talking about?
Are we talking about God's time,
universal time, or Earth time?
And I think the
Book of Revelation
has some amazing writings
in it that have never
been brought forth,
mysteries that are there
that the Christian
church has no idea about
but are right there
for you to see.
But they're locked up.
And I think time is a very
important consideration when
you want to talk
about end times.
>>NOORY: Are these like codes?
>>KLEIN: Yes.
The Book of Revelation is hard
to understand because there's
no historical context to it.
It's basically transcendental.
And so much of the
Book of Revelation
is encoded in symbolism.
And until you break
the symbolism down,
you don't know what's going on.
And so you have to almost
recreate history to understand.
And when I say "recreate,"
I'm not saying invent it.
I'm just saying
exhume it so that you
can see how these
things fall into place.
And I hope to do some
of that today with you.
>>NOORY: The people we have
had as so-called prophets
in the past, the Nostradamuses
and those kinds of people,
were they accurate?
What do you think?
>>KLEIN: You know, this is
going to sound beyond the pale
of Christianity--
>>NOORY: Maybe beyond
belief. [LAUGHING]
>>KLEIN: [LAUGHING]
Every human being born,
the scriptures say
that he-- God is
the light that lighteth every
man that cometh into the world.
Now, the Christians
say, well, that's only
when you accept Jesus.
But I don't think that's
what that's saying.
I think every person has a
certain spark of divine life
in him, because I think
the Bible teaches that.
So people kind of bump
against the ceiling
and come up with stuff
in every religion.
I'm not endorsing
every-- where they
get a fragment of something.
So these guys like
Nostradamus, they
may have picked up on some idea.
Like George Lucas
in Star Wars, he
was obviously picking
up on a theme that's
out of the Book of Revelation.
How did he get that?
Where did that come from?
There's a new
cartoon coming out.
I noticed it this morning as
I was preparing for the show.
Peabody, the dog that
goes back in time.
He time travels.
Well, there's something
to this time-travel thing.
And now it's in a
cartoon, I think.
So people come up with ideas.
Where are these coming from?
They're coming from the
world of the spirit.
And people don't know
they're picking up on it.
So I think there
may be something.
I've never studied Nostradamus.
But I think everybody
has in their lifetime
at least a few experiences
that are supernatural.
I bet you you can tell me
stuff that you went through--
>>NOORY: And I still do.
>>KLEIN: And you still do.
And I've had some amazing
experiences, things-- you know,
I was a professional football
player as a defensive back.
>>NOORY: Who'd you play for?
>>KLEIN: I played
for the Niners.
And not long.
I got Emmitt-damaged.
And then I got picked up
by the Houston Oilers.
And the big thing
for a defensive back
was to intercept the pass
and take it to the house.
That's the biggest play.
>>NOORY: That was it.
>>KLEIN: That was it.
What happened to me was
I got intercepted by God.
And I had no idea.
I mean, so a lot of
what's happened to me
is kind of like a
divine appointment.
If I have a minute
to tell you about it,
I had this dream where this
woman was looking down at me.
And it was at my
girlfriend's house.
And I was waking up.
And she was about 55, this
woman looking down a me.
And I said, what's up?
And she said, well, you've been
in the hospital for 10 days.
And I forgot the dream.
Three months later, I
wake up in the hospital.
I had injured my shoulder
against the New Orleans Saints.
And this woman that I'd seen in
the dream three months earlier
was looking down at me.
And I'm going, there's
another dimension
that I don't know
anything about.
>>NOORY: Was she a
nurse or something?
>>KLEIN: No, no.
She was a lady that I had
met in Las Vegas, Jewish lady
and her husband, the Lavages.
And they said, when you
get to Houston, look us up.
And I did.
And they were like a
surrogate family for me.
And she was watching over me.
And I'm going, oh my gosh.
I must have tapped
into another dimension.
>>NOORY: You sure did.
>>KLEIN: And so
that became like-- I
said, there's a spiritual
mountain I got to climb.
I don't know how to do that.
Because I came from
a Jewish family.
I didn't know about the Messiah.
I knew nothing.
Three years later, I'm in a
car with these three guys.
And I had come to accept that
Jesus is the King of the Jews
and he's the Messiah
for the whole world.
And I believe that.
I'm in this car with
these three guys.
And all of a sudden
this blinding light
came into the car.
And it filled us, our body.
>>NOORY: All of you?
>>KLEIN: Yeah, every one of us.
And it wasn't like
a physical light.
It was a spiritual light.
And George, it was the
most incredible experience
of my whole life.
To this day nothing's topped it.
And I was so
overwhelmed, I got out
of the-- we had to stop the car.
We couldn't drive.
And we were falling
on the ground.
It was like we were drunk.
And I couldn't stand up.
And it was so intense.
I said, God, please stop.
I'm going to die.
Because it was so amazing.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>KLEIN: It was awesome.
And that event was kind of
like the inciting incident
of a movie that drives
a movie forward.
That incident has
given me the energy
to be a prophetic investigator.
>>NOORY: That was
the life-changer.
>>KLEIN: That was the inciting
incident that's been driving me
and will drive me till the end.
And so I had this
amazing interception.
God intercepted me.
And that was the big
moment in my life
where things began
to really change.
>>NOORY: When you talk
about the Book of Revelation
and that it's somewhat of a
code-- you know, I've read it.
I've read it a lot, Ken.
And there are some
scary aspects to it.
But what I just
haven't pinpointed yet
was that time that
you talk about.
What's the kick-in time
for the Book of Revelation?
>>KLEIN: I think the
most important scripture
in the Book of Revelation
is not known to the world.
And it's in Revelation 10.
>>NOORY: Explain.
>>KLEIN: And this
deals with time.
OK?
And I think that before
you read Genesis, anything,
you've got to understand
Revelation 10.
Now, that's an
astonishing thing to say.
>>NOORY: But Genesis is first.
We read it, right?
>>KLEIN: Yes, we read it first.
We read left to right.
But we should be reading
from right to left,
from the Book of
Revelation to Genesis.
Because there's things that
took place before Genesis.
And in the 10th
chapter of Revelation,
John, who gave us
the revelation,
is standing before this angel.
And this angel's got a book
in his hands, a little book.
And out of this book come
these seven thunders.
And John's getting
ready to write it down.
The angel says no.
You're not going
to write this down.
Eat the book.
And it'll be sweet to your taste
and bitter to your stomach.
OK?
And so this little fragment of
insight has to do with time.
Now, when you look at
these seven thunders,
what could be the
meaning of this?
Well, when you go
back to Genesis--
now you go to Genesis-- you
find that it doesn't say,
"In the beginning."
It says, "In beginning."
So I want to talk
about, the Lord says,
I'm going to start talking.
So in beginning with
the conversation,
God, Elohim, had created
the heavens and its matter.
All translation says
in the beginning God
created the heavens
and the Earth.
But the Earth was
without form, meaning
it was in some
kind of compaction.
There was no time.
You can't have time
unless you have distance.
If there's no distance,
there's no time.
So everything, all the matter,
all the galaxies, all the Earth
had no form.
It was in a compaction
of matter probably
about the size of a cup.
Just dense.
>>NOORY: Prior to the Big
Bang, I assume, right?
>>KLEIN: And then God
touched the matter.
And it exploded.
And that's the thunder.
And it thundered forth.
And we find in the Old Testament
that God stretches forth
the heavens.
Well, the heavens
are still stretching.
The scientists are
mapping, they're
mapping the movement
of the stars.
And they're able to
put it in reverse
and figure out that the universe
is 15 billion years old.
I happen to believe the
scientific explanation
for the Big Bang.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>KLEIN: OK.
And then it says
that God folds up
the heavens, the universe,
not his own dimension,
but the universe,
like a garment.
And in other places it says he
rolls it back up like a scroll.
We find in the Book of
Peter that the heavens
will melt with fervent heat.
And he'll create a new
heavens and a new Earth.
>>NOORY: Expand and
contract, right?
>>KLEIN: So the Book of
Genesis is a snapshot
of a cycle of time, that
there's an explosion.
It expands.
Then it goes back
into a compaction.
So the Book of Revelation
is telling us there's
been seven universes before
this present universes.
We're in the eighth universe.
And so the Book of
Genesis is basically
showing a snapshot of this
alpha, omega, alpha, omega--
seven preceding universes.
We're in the eighth one.
So when you look at
the Book of Revelation
and you look at
existence and time,
universal time is circuitous
where life on Earth is linear.
And that's how we need to
begin to approach the Bible,
that there's something
bigger out there
that we've never been
able to understand.
And the Book of
Revelation tells us
about time and how we're
to understand time and look
at things in the
context of time.
So when you get to next
chapter in Revelation,
the 11th chapter's talking
about this temple that
has to be built on Earth,
which is what I was telling you
before that I just got
back from Jerusalem.
Because it's all about
this third temple that
has to be built before
the Messiah comes.
But in the 12th
chapter we find a war
in the heavens, in the universe,
and specifically in our galaxy.
There was a war.
And in that war,
Lucifer, who was
an archangel over the
cherubimic order--
he co-chaired that
with Gabriel--
was offered an advancement,
like a vice president,
like George Bush became
president after Reagan.
He was offered an advancement
because he did great exploits.
And that advancement was to
an order called the ophanim.
And over the
ophanim-- and they're
talked about in
Ezekiel 1 and 10.
This was another
group of angels.
There were three.
There were the cherubim, the
seraphim and the ophanim.
And most people don't
know about the ophanim.
But over that order
was this thing
called the Morning Star Office.
The Morning Star Office is
what Lucifer was elevated to.
>>NOORY: But he
didn't like that.
Or did he?
>>KLEIN: No.
Because the ophanim
were these proxies
that worked with that
office to create.
They were creator angels.
They were just like a
carpenter has co-workers.
You build a foundation--
or a master builder.
You build the foundation.
You build the walls.
You build the roof.
He subcontracts.
These beings were
subcontractors to this office
called the Morning Star Office.
Now, the Mormons think that
Lucifer was a brother of Jesus
because the Morning
Star Office also
was attributed unto Jesus
before he came to the Earth.
He was the Morning Star, head
honcho over these creator
angels.
So Lucifer was
elevated to a creator.
And in that creative
office, he screwed up.
And that screw-up caused
this war in Heaven
that's talked about
in Revelation.
>>NOORY: Now, how
did he screw up?
What did he do?
>>KLEIN: We're
going to have to do
another show on
that whole screw-up.
But suffice it to say he
was privy to creator codes.
Now, when you look at
something like cancer--
have you ever looked at a
cancer DNA and the cells?
They're very symmetrical.
They're very creative.
>>NOORY: They're organized.
>>KLEIN: They're organized.
Who created that?
God didn't do that.
That creative design was by
Lucifer to afflict humanity.
Because he-- when he
was judged for what
he did-- because he came
before a supreme court
of the universe.
And it was decided that
he would have to vacate.
Because of the war he
started in the heavens,
he would have to
vacate his body,
because he had a
magnificent body.
He had-- it says his
pipes, vocal cords,
he could sing better
than Whitney Houston,
my favorite singer.
>>NOORY: But was he human type?
>>KLEIN: Well, no, he wasn't--
>>NOORY: When you
talk about a body,
I'm thinking of a
physical structure.
>>KLEIN: He had an
angel body that's
described in the
Book of Ezekiel.
>>NOORY: An angel body.
>>KLEIN: Yeah, angel body that
was beyond what we can imagine.
And he was commanded
to be cast out of it
and thrown down to this Earth.
And he is called in the
Bible the god of this world.
And in this world he
creates codes, you know.
And those codes are
mentioned in my book.
My book is a manual on-- it's
like when we played football--
>>NOORY: Which one
are we talking about?
This one?
>>KLEIN: The "False
Prophet" book.
But that's kind of like
a manual on what he's
been doing on the Earth
for thousands of years.
And they're expressed in codes
in the Book of Revelation.
So he's a creator,
a twisted creator.
And so his plan that's
explained in the 13th chapter
is to create these
political entities
from the beginning of
the Egyptian Empire all
the way to the end of the world.
And so he's been
working on a plan
to capture humanity
for thousands of years.
And that's why, when you
look at these images,
you have to see that
he is a code creator.
>>NOORY: How's he doing?
>>KLEIN: He's doing
a pretty good job.
>>NOORY: That's what I thought.
>>KLEIN: Yeah.
And the world is
falling more and more
under his spell
and unaware of it.
And so I'll get more into
those specific codes.
And precisely, you know,
especially the most
talked about thing that he's
been doing and will be doing--
and he has been doing it-- is
the mark of the beast reality.
I want to get into some
detail about that as we go.
But the most important thing
out of what we've talked about
is that when he used
creativity to pull off
what he wanted to do, which
was to ascend above the clouds.
The Milky Way is basically--
it's called Milky
because it looks like a cloud.
He wanted to ascend above not
the terrestrial clouds that we
see, but the clouds of the
universal construction.
That's when he got
into real trouble.
And that's what caused
the war to break out.
this supreme court, which
is called the seven spirits
of God in Revelation 1 and 2,
to convene and say,
OK, you're going
to have to vacate your body.
And you're going to
have to be-- eventually
you're going to have
to take on human form.
And he said, no, I'm
not doing none of that.
I didn't do any-- he protested.
>>NOORY: He had the
right to protest?
>>KLEIN: He had the right
to protest on legal grounds.
And he filed an appeal.
There's an appeal.
It has to be heard.
The appeal has to be heard
by the court of heaven.
>>NOORY: Who's the judge?
>>KLEIN: The judge
will be witnesses
and the supreme council
of the universe, which
are seven spirits of God.
It will convene-- it's
called the great white throne
judgment.
And that's where a lot
of people think, well,
that's where all the
humans will be judged.
But that's where
this appellate court
hearing is over the
arguments that he
wants to make that he
didn't do anything wrong,
that he was given
the authority and he
didn't do anything wrong.
And so he has been,
in the interim,
thrown down to the Earth.
And he's trying to make his
case by proving that he didn't
do anything wrong by
winning people away from God
to himself.
And he's doing a good job of
it on this planet for sure.
But it's important
to understand that he
moved from the angelic
office of the cherubim, which
were the basic watchers.
You know, when you see Indiana
Jones with the angel standing
over the Ark of
the Covenant, those
are cherubimic representations
of these covering angels
that are watchers.
The seraphim angels
are the scribes.
They're the keepers of the
records of the universes.
Remember I said
there's seven thunders,
that the circuitous activity of
the universe, where it expands,
goes back.
And we're getting ready-- I
don't know how many millennium
are ahead of us-- but where
everything reverses and goes
back into a compaction.
That's why it says he'll make
a new heavens and a new Earth.
And it's not--
this heavens isn't
going to be
miraculously renovated.
It's going to go back
into a compaction.
So God uses the same matter
to make new universes.
It's phenomenal that he's
a lot bigger than I ever--
>>NOORY: So is Lucifer going
to win in the long run?
>>KLEIN: Lucifer is not
going to win in the long run.
Because there'll be
a return of Christ.
And the brightness
of his coming will
arrest all of the darkness.
And there'll be a binding of
this horrific angel, fallen
angel, for-- it
says 1,000 years.
And I'm not so sure that's a
literal 1,000 years as maybe
that's the number of-- one of
the completion numbers of God.
It may be a lot longer
than 1,000 years.
But that's when we'll
have a whole new reality
on this planet.
But before that
can happen, there
has to be a rebuilding of the
Jewish temple in Jerusalem.
>>NOORY: Is that being done?
Is there any possibilities
of that happening?
>>KLEIN: Right now the Jews
believe that the temple--
they believe that there
is to be a third temple.
But it's not as widespread
as it needs to be.
But there are certain
organizations in Israel
that believe it to be
a necessity according
to the prophets.
The prophets predict this.
But they think it goes
on the Temple Mount.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>KLEIN: Where the Dome of the
Rock is and the Al-Aqsa Mosque.
The all-- the world
believes this.
But we've proven 100%--
>>NOORY: You don't think so.
>>KLEIN: No way.
It doesn't belong up there.
And that's why we did this
new film called "The Temple
and the End of the Age."
So that temple
has to be rebuilt.
But as long as the Jews
insist and the world--
the Christians
believe it, too-- it
goes up where the
Dome of the Rock
is or near the Al-Aqsa
Mosque, it won't happen.
Because the temple was built
over the City of David,
which is just about 600 feet
south of the southern wall.
>>NOORY: But it's in
this geographical area?
>>KLEIN: Yeah.
Because old Jerusalem, during
the time of King David,
was not where those
walls are today.
It was built where
the Jebusite city was.
And David conquered that.
It was right over this water
supply called the Gihon.
And they had to have that water.
They had to have the water--
>>NOORY: Right.
But this temple must be built
before these other things are
going to kick in?
>>KLEIN: Yeah.
It has to be rebuilt.
Because several
things have to happen.
And there's two
temples mentioned.
There's one in the
Book of Revelation,
in the 11th chapter.
And there's one in the Book of
Ezekiel, Chapter 40 through 48.
The Ezekiel temple is
built by the Messiah.
He's going to do that himself.
It's huge.
And it's in a 40-acre square.
40 by 40, it's actually.
>>NOORY: What's there now?
>>KLEIN: Nothing.
I mean, just the city.
Jerusalem has expanded.
>>NOORY: So we could be
talking about how long?
>>KLEIN: Well, it depends.
It depends.
>>NOORY: That's where
time comes in again.
>>KLEIN: Yeah, it depends.
It could be hundreds
of years off.
I don't know.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>KLEIN: But you
know, I'm believing
that it's going to
be sooner than that.
And I think the film
that we produced,
if it finds traction amongst
the people in Israel--
we were just over there, and
we had tremendous, tremendous
experience.
So something
supernatural is going on.
And it's quite a chore to
convince these people that
for 380 years have believed
the temple goes up there.
But prior to the
12th century, no Jews
believed that the
temple went up there.
The greatest Jewish
luminary, Maimonides,
said, up until my
time, no structure's
been built on the Temple Mount.
Well, he couldn't
have been talking
about what they consider
the Temple Mount today,
because Helena built
a church up there.
Justinian built a
church up there.
Omar built the Al-Aqsa
Mosque up there.
And the Dome of
the Rock-- there've
been four buildings up there.
So he must have been talking
about a different Temple Mount.
>>NOORY: Are you
concerned, Ken, at all
about the Book of Revelation?
Is there anything in it
that would bother you
as an expert on prophecy?
>>KLEIN: Well, I
think, when you--
>>NOORY: I mean because--
>>KLEIN: Well, let
me-- I'll tell you
something that bothers me.
This is the one thing
that bothers me.
I'm not afraid,
but I'm bothered.
When the British
Empire ruled the world,
and they were disbanded
because of their opium
destruction of the Chinese
and they controlled India,
the East India House,
which was their army,
was disbanded because
the world hated
what they were
doing to the world.
But the intelligence of
that group went underground.
They became known as
the Chatham House.
Today they're known
as the Royal Institute
of International Affairs.
And in that organization,
there was a guy
by the name of Thomas Malthus.
And he was the father of
race science and eugenetics.
And a lot of his teachings
landed in the United States.
And one place it landed
was Cal Berkeley.
And these people
believe that in order
to have an orderful
planet, they have
to kill off quite a few people.
And they want to
reduce the population--
>>NOORY: Down to
500 million, right?
>>KLEIN: 500 million.
And in the Book
of Revelation, it
talks about the population
being culled by a third and then
by another third.
And so I'm bothered by
what I see historically
in race sciences and
how it's proliferated
to some very wealthy
people that think that this
is a solution for how to
have an orderful planet.
>>NOORY: So that's possible.
>>KLEIN: Definitely possible.
And when you hear
about these chemtrails
and how they're
spraying us, and when
you hear about these
different transgenics
and how they're using
this food, that they're
manipulating the DNA of food.
>>NOORY: GMO.
>>KLEIN: GMO food.
And something's going on
that we're not understanding.
Not only that, I was just
listening to a great radio
show the other day
of an earthquake that
happened in Virginia
about a few years ago.
He said, that was no earthquake.
That was an underground
city collapsing.
And he's talked
about how the CIA has
developed underground cities.
>>NOORY: Some
people believe that.
>>KLEIN: And I think it's true.
And so there's something
going on that we can't see.
And even the war in
the Middle East now,
in Syria, they're saying
is a CIA-run operation
with these Sunnis.
Watch on TV.
They're right driving
military Humvees and tanks.
And some of the weaponry you
see, that's all American.
Like what is going on?
So there's a lot going on
that most human beings aren't
paying attention to.
And I think it
might have something
to do with the culling
of the population.
>>NOORY: Is it all
geared to prophecy?
>>KLEIN: Yes, it has to
do with prophecy and stuff
that-- you know, you
say, are you bothered?
I am bothered.
I'm not afraid,
but I'm bothered.
>>NOORY: Is it fixable, Ken?
Can we stop it?
>>KLEIN: No.
>>NOORY: You can't stop the bad.
>>KLEIN: We can't stop it.
It is written.
It is done.
The only thing that can stop
all of this wickedness and evil
is the return of the Messiah.
And he'll put an end to it.
>>NOORY: So if I read
Revelation correctly,
eventually we're going to be OK.
>>KLEIN: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: But until
we get to that point,
it's going to be a mess.
>>KLEIN: It's downhill.
It's definitely downhill.
And the only thing
you can really
do is not let it overly
trouble you or bother you,
is to walk with God.
And he'll protect you.
There's a divine
protection over his elect.
And so I'm not
afraid of it for me.
I worry about it for
my grandchildren,
because I don't
know what decisions
they're going to make.
>>NOORY: What's going
to happen to them, sure.
>>KLEIN: But as long as people
seek God, he'll protect them.
But the political world is going
to come-- it's in a shambles.
We can't fix it.
>>NOORY: Ken, if people want
more information on you--
>>KLEIN: They can go to my
website, kenkleinproductions,
plural, .net,
kenkleinproductions.net.
They can probably Google my
name and click on my name.
It'll take you
right to my website.
That's easy, K-L-E-I-N.
>>NOORY: Big change
from the football days.
>>KLEIN: I've been intercepted.
>>NOORY: And you
went the distance.
>>KLEIN: So far.
I still got some ways to go.
>>NOORY: You're
hopeful for the future?
>>KLEIN: I'm very hopeful
for the future for me.
I'm not happy and I'm
saddened by what's
coming upon the world.
>>NOORY: Understand.
Understand.
Well, stay tuned
to another edition
of "Beyond Belief"
where Ken Klein talks
about the sign of the beast.
What does that
mean to all of us?
I'm George Noory, and thanks
for watching "Beyond Belief."
[MUSIC PLAYING]